I am here
with Ozamataz Buckshank,
the rookie
out of Stanford University
who is undoubtedly the MVP
of today's game
with an interception that
he runs back for a touchdown
in the last 30 seconds
of the contest.
Ozamataz, can you walk us
through what happened
in that last play?
- It was amazing.
- Yeah, we knew we had to go
out there, give 100%,
and we executed.
It just went our way today.
And was the quarterback
giving you
any clues today, Oz?
It looked like you knew
that ball was gonna be there.
What was happening?
We wanted to have some fun,
you know, execute.
Play one quarter at a time,
give 100%.
Oh--okay, okay.
You know, let's just--
Let's talk
about last week's game.
You guys lost a heartbreaker.
Give me your state of mind,
then versus now.
We wanted
to do it play by play,
give it 100%,
execution-wise.
- Execute.
- Okay.
I'm gonna ask you something
completely different
that's not about football.
Look at me, Oz.
just look at me for a second.
I'm gonna ask you a question
right here.
That a boy.
So you and your wife
recently had--
right here.
Stay with me.
You and your wife
recently had twins, okay?
How does it feel
to be a new dad?
You know, we wanted to stay
As a team, execute,
give 100%,
play by play.
Okay, you know what,
I'm gonna just--I'm just gonna--
I'm gonna do a little test
right now.
Hey, Oz, how'd you get
to the game today?
They a good team,
great team, 100%.
And what'd you have
for dinner last night?
- 100%.
- 100%. Yeah, you did.
Of course.
100% of whatever 100% was.
You know what,
can you just do me a favor
and tell me
one specific thing?
Like, just one actual, original
observation that you had
about today's game?
The game that you won
almost single-handedly.
Do you think
that you could do that, Oz?
- Oh, 100%.
- Oh, God damn it!
(soul music)
♪
Subs created by David Coleman.
Sync & corrections by dwigt
www.addic7ed.com
(cheers and applause)
- Hey.
- All right.
Thank you.
- Thank you, everybody, so much.
Thank you, thank you.
Welcome.
- I am Keegan-Michael Key.
- I'm Jordan Peele.
And we are Key and Peele.
(cheers and applause)
Thank you.
You guys know when Superman
and Batman
meet in comic books
and TV shows?
You know--if you're
a comic book fan. Yeah.
They always meet,
and it's like they're equals.
Yeah.
They're not equals.
No.
They're, like,
if they're on a stakeout,
like, what's Batman
supposed to do?
(raspy)
There are the bad guys.
I'll use my utility belt
Freeze--
(whoops)
Got 'em.
Okay.
(laughter)
I'm gonna give you a tour
of Gotham.
Please.
Of Gotham?
- Yes.
- The city?
Yeah, I was gonna get
in my Batwing...
- Cool.
- and you and I could travel
around,
fly through the sky.
Oh, we don't need that.
Just, what, you want
to climb on top?
Come on.
Get up on it.
Jump up on it.
Come on.
There you go.
Is that--
Is that your utility belt
I'm feeling?
(phone rings)
Hello, Skymall Magazine,
this is Riyaz speaking.
Hello, Riyaz.
I would like to report
an item which I ordered
that arrived broken.
Wendell Sanders,
Mockingbird Lane.
That's right.
I am showing the last item
that you received
is the Superman bed
with the Mattress of Solitude.
That's the one.
Ordered it for my son
for his birthday,
but I cannot give it to him
like this.
And I'm pretty darn-tootin'
pissed about it.
I'm really sorry, sir.
I will start processing
your reorder right now
with you on the line, okay?
I ain't mad at you, Riyaz.
It's just the system.
I know.
Okay. thank you
for understanding, sir.
Kids, eh?
Huh?
Oh, ki--well, yeah,
I just got the one myself.
Had sex with a woman
and everything to get him.
How long is this gonna--
What is your son's name?
Oh, um...
Stimpy.
Pretty much Stimpy.
I have boys too.
I'll tell you,
sometimes they can be
a real couple
of you know whats.
[bleep] ass[bleep]?
You're preaching
to the choir, Riyaz.
Stimpy, don't you give me
that look.
You're gonna get it
when your mama comes home.
Oh, my,
sounds like your wife is...
Bitch on wheels.
You got that straight, Riyaz.
Hot little biscuit, though.
Name's Claire.
Body: ten,
face: ten.
So pretty much hit that
every night.
Sexually.
Anyway,
what's holding up the--
Oh, one moment.
And how old is your son?
- 15.
- 15?
And he still wants
a Superman bed.
Ah, a late-bloomer.
Enjoy it
while you still can.
He'll grow out of the toys
any day now.
They all do,
and, the second
he starts hooking up
with the girls,
he'll forget all about that
Superman and Spider-Man stuff.
Pretty much seems
like how it would happen.
Maybe then
he'll stop bothering me
with all those stupid, little
facts about how those characters
you just named are clearly
from two distinct
and separate universes.
Sadly, some people
never move on.
Sad?
I got a better word for you.
Pathetic.
Well,
I wouldn't say pathetic.
Hey, I calls 'em
likes I sees 'em, Riyaz,
and I don'st tolerate nerds.
In fact, let me nip this
in the bud real quick.
Stimpy, Stimpy,
get back in here.
- Well, I didn't mean to--
- There you are
with your round body
and your creepy-ass face.
No more sweets for you, 'cause
you're never gonna get laid
if you keeps eating sweets!
And another thing!
All these figurines and toys
you got around the house,
we're throwing 'em
in the trash,
'cause they're not real people,
Stimpy.
They're not real people,
so stop being so lonely.
Stop being so lonely.
Well--and this is none
of my business, of course,
but I was wondering if your son
would like to talk to someone.
(glass shattering)
Oh, [bleep]!
Stimpy just jumped
out the window.
- Oh, my God.
- Oh, he killed himself.
Why'd he do it?
It must have been my fault.
No, it wasn't.
Yes, it was.
I'm gonna call the cops.
Don't you dare cancel
that reorder.
It's the only thing
I'll have to remember him by.
(strains,
then sighs)
Hey, you remember
the anti-drug advertisements?
- Yes.
- This is my favorite
anti-drug ad.
My favorite anti-drug ad was...
"What is this?
What is this, son?"
(laughter)
You know.
"Found this in your room.
"Marijuana!
"Who taught you to do this?"
"I learned it
from watching you, dad!"
(cheers and applause)
If you're 14 and you see that,
where I'm from,
You go, "That's the coolest dad
in the world."
That's the coolest dad.
(techno music)
♪
Nobody likes you, you girl.
Well, you're a different color
than me,
and that's bad.
Oh, yeah?
Well, you dress like--
Now hold on a second!
(both) Whoa!
Mr. T?
Never make fun
of a way a man dresses.
The way a man dresses
is his business.
Remember that.
Whether it's overalls,
chains,
or feather earrings,
however they dress,
it's not to be joked about.
I pity the fool that judges
another man's clothing.
I'm sorry
I judged your clothing.
It's okay.
(upbeat music)
Hey, Scout, there's a man
over there
who said he'll give us candy
if we get in his van.
Oh, I don't know
If that's a good idea, Timmy.
What are you afraid of?
Is it because you have
a stupid name like Scout?
- Hey!
- (both) Whoa! Mr. T again.
Never make fun
of a person's name.
Your mama gave you
that name,
or you made it up
for business purposes.
Either way, it's personal.
I pity the fool that make fun
of another man's name.
Mr. T's a cool name.
It's a cool name, Mr. T.
(upbeat music)
Hey, Scout,
want to do some drugs?
Aren't drugs bad?
I don't know.
If you're afraid of drugs,
we could drink
a bunch of alcohol.
Yum, that sounds good.
Well, guess what,
your hair is stupid.
Never make fun
of another person's hair!
- (both) Hey, Mr. T.
- A person's hair
is the artwork that they present
to the heavens.
It's just like
I've been saying...
(upbeat music)
♪
(All) ♪ Hair
♪ It isn't fair
♪
♪ Beware
♪ People care
About their hair ♪
♪
♪ "H" is for the home
where I lay my head ♪
♪ And I cry
about your mean jokes ♪
♪ in my bed
♪ "A" is for anxiety
that fools provoke ♪
♪ When they lookin' at my hair
and they makin' jokes ♪
♪ "I" is for I don't like
the way I feel ♪
♪ When you're jokin' that
my haircut does not appeal ♪
♪ "R" is for the real mean jokes
you make ♪
♪ And the hurtful
little potshots that you take ♪
And, for your information,
it's not even a haircut.
It's a rare form
of male pattern baldness.
You fools!
(sobs)
(yells)
For real.
(upbeat music)
Dude, I got to tell you
something.
- What's up?
- Last night on Showtimes,
I saw some Lethal Weapon 2.
Lethal Weapon 2 starring
the racist-ass Melly Gibsons?
I know, I know, but I got
to tell you right up front
and truthfully,
racist-ass Melly Gibsons
is still kind of my [bleep].
He's still my [bleep], dog.
I don't know, dog,
racist-ass Melly Gibsons?
Dude, I know, I know,
but think about it, man.
Think about it.
remember when he jacked up
all them mutants
into Road Warriors ?
Talkin' about...
(imitates tires screeching)
Bitch was like, "There's
nothing in here but sand."
- Yeah.
- And then remember
when he had taken that hatchet
and chopped up
all them Englands, remember,
in The Patriot ?
And did it in front
of all his kids.
You know what,
though?
Racist-ass Melly Gibsons
is still my [bleep] too.
- Dog.
- Remember when racist-ass
Melly Gibsons was Blue Man Group
in Bravehearts ?
- Oh, my God, dogs.
- They was chopping off
my man's head.
(murmurs)
My man was still talking
about...
(both) freedom!
(hisses)
Or what about
Conspiracy Theories, though?
- What? Oh, come on, man.
- What the [bleep]
about Conspiracy Theories,
though?
What the [bleep] about
Conspiracy Theories, though?
- What is going on?
- (imitates gunshot)
- Come on.
- You know racist-ass
- Melly Gibsons be directing too.
- Hells, yeah.
- What about Apocalypto ?
- yo, racist-ass Melly Gibsons
be telling the story
of a bunch of crazy-ass,
old-fashioned Mexicans?
who have been in the jungle
getting chased by a panther.
- Yeah, yeah.
- My man's straight up going...
- (whistling)
- (imitating drums)
- (hissing)
- (screams softly)
Man, and what about that
Passions of the Christ, though?
Passions of the Christ,
though.
Passions of the Christ.
Passions of the Christ
where racist-ass
Melly Gibsons made that movie
about Jesus
in a kind of racist-ass way?
- That was my jam.
- And you know
what I just realized,
though?
What's that, dog?
What's that?
You know what would be
my [bleep]?
What would be your [bleep],
though?
If racist-ass Melly Gibsons
costarred in a movie
with Jesus.
Wait, now you talking
about the savior of all?
The King of all Kings?
The Alpha and the Omega?
And Jesus.
(both) That would be my...
♪ [bleep]
(rumbling)
(heavenly tone)
(soul music)
For this segment,
we're not gonna have
a big, huge preamble here.
I just simply want
to say that this scene,
this offering if you will,
is for the ladies.
(cheers and applause)
- What up, homies?
- Welcome to...
- (both) Cunnilingus class.
- I'm Shaboots Michaels.
I'm T-Ray Tombstone.
And we're here to teach y'all
how to...
(both)
go down on bitches right.
Now bitches ain't being
satisfied, so check it.
Quit sucking
on that [bleep] so damn hard.
Bitches don't like
that nonsense.
That's like putting the tip
of your penis
in the vacuum.
- Y'all need to...
- (both) chill on the [bleep].
- Go around that business.
- That's like a button
made of a million penis tops.
Now every bitch
like her cunnilingus
- a little bit different.
- Vaginas are like snowflakes.
Snowflakes is different.
Learn your bitch's snowflake.
Ask your bitch
what she wants.
(both) Then do what she says.
Some bitches like it
in circles.
Some bitches
like it up and down.
Some bitches like it hard.
Some bitches like it soft.
(both) Communicate
with your bitches.
Make the alphabet
with your tongue.
A-B-C-D...
And when she grab your hair
like she gonna pull
your damn head off...
(both) stay with that letter.
I'm talking about B...
(blathers)
or D...
(both) Vaginas deserve respect.
You don't want someone
slapping around
your little homey.
(yelping)
- You with the hat.
- Yo.
How you like your BJs?
Damn, dog,
all the time.
Shut the [bleep] up!
That's 'cause penises is easy,
and vaginas is hard.
- They're...
- (both) confusing!
Imagine there's an explosion
at the envelope factory.
Flaps everywhere.
A world of flaps.
And you need to lick your way
out the factory.
But every bitch's flaps
is different.
Learn your bitch's
particular flaps.
- Flaps be...
- (both) crazy!
Every flap
need to be listened to.
And then you will get out
of that factory alive.
Stay down there.
(both) Plan your breathing
like your swimming.
- You gotta be talking about...
- (both) stroke, stroke, breathe.
Stroke, stroke, breathe.
(gasping)
All right.
Let's take a five-minute break.
And when we come back,
we gonna talk
about warming your bitches up
before you get busy.
And how to last
for more than two damn minutes.
Take a peach and practice.
- Practice on a peach.
- Take a peach and practice.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Well, I think
it's gonna work.
30 down,
3 billion to go.
(maniacal laughter)
(upbeat music)
Welcome to Metta World News.
Our top story--
ninja costumes don't come
in size triple-X,
which is discriminatory
against enormous assassins.
Do you know what?
Forget about the teleprompter.
I need to speak
from the heart.
Well, that wraps up
Metta World News
for this Wednesday,
May Staple Gun Hairbrush.
I'm Metta World Peace.
Good night.
I made this mistake
in the past.
If there's any question whether
a woman's pregnant or not,
just don't say [bleep]
about it.
This is what happened to me.
Just be the woman.
(hums)
Hey, Jordan.
I said,
"Oh, congratulations."
Congratulations for what?
(laughs)
(laughter)
Hoo-hoo.
And now I'm at the point where,
I don't care
how many signals I get,
I just won't even say anything.
(breathing heavily)
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I'm with you.
(laughter)
- It's contractions now.
- Yeah, I got some gas myself.
(laughter)
- Oh, God.
- I'm gonna sit down with you.
- Oh!
- (yelling)
- Me and you are--
- Oh, that is...
- (imitating baby crying)
Looks like,
but I can't be sure...
I can't be sure.
Mwah.
Okay, that's clearly a child.
Congratulations
on your pregnancy.
- I'm not pregnant. What the--
- What the--
(laughter)
(cheers and applause)
Thank you, sir.
All right.
All right, how's everybody--
How's everybody doing?
(cheers)
All right,
and you guys
- can all hear me okay?
- (all) Yeah.
I know this guy
can right here.
Boy, this guy's ears
are so big,
He's laughing at jokes
from the Yuk-Yuk Club
all the way
on the other side of town.
(laughter)
All right.
And you, sir,
you're doing okay?
And you're getting enough
to eat?
Is that even possible?
(laughter)
Thank you, sir.
Folks, I'm sorry,
I'm gonna get everybody tonight.
Nobody is safe.
I'm getting everybody.
Except for you, sir.
I'm gonna leave you alone.
Just like your date did tonight.
Hello!
Huh?
All right.
Okay, who's next?
Who is next?
Hey, ma'am, I get it,
you have breasts, okay?
Jeez, I mean,
look at this chick over here.
Her cleavage is giving
the Grand Canyon
an inferiority complex.
(laughter)
(computerized voice)
You skipped me.
Who's talking right now?
Do me.
Yeah, hey, man.
Look at that pink shirt
you got on there.
Wow, where'd you get that?
Queertshirts.com?
It's in support
Of breast cancer awareness.
I am gay, though.
Okay.
Go for it.
I can take it.
Hmm?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
No, hey, yeah, don't you worry
about that, man.
Gloves are coming off.
Okay.
Right there, right there, what's
with the three drinks, man?
Alcoholic much?
This
is my pain medication.
Of [bleep] course it is.
It's your pain medication.
'cause he is in pain.
Right now.
Make fun of the burns.
Make fun of the--
What did you say?
Because here's the problem, sir,
is it's really dark in here,
and, sorry, are you burned?
Because I can't make it out.
Thanks so much, ma'am,
for illuminating him.
Thank you.
That's--I appreciate that.
- Oh, those burns.
- Make fun of the robot voice.
Sir, I don't know.
Come on,
I can take it.
Okay, well, no,
You know what?
- I feel--
- Or the wheelchair.
Look, sir,
there is nothing funny
about you being
in a wheelchair,
- and we can all--
- Oh, but there is something
funny about me being fat?
- All right.
All right, fine.
Fine. I've got it.
I've got it.
I'm doing it.
I just didn't want to go
after this guy
'cause I didn't want him
to kill me in my dreams.
Like Freddy Krueger.
(exclamations)
Come on.
'cause--no?
You know, 'cause how Freddy
Krueger's face is burned off.
That's not...
(sobs)
- You ass[bleep].
- He said he could take it.
That's what he said.
I thought I could,
but I can't.
How is this on me?
How do we even know
if he's crying right now?
(all booing)
I don't know that sound.
It just sounds
like an electronic sound.
The tears,
they burn.
He said he could take it.
He s--
(cheers and applause)
Fellows, gentlemen,
it's time for you to go home
and practice on a peach.
Take a peach and practice.
(both) Take a peach
and practice.
- There you go.
- There's a peach for you.
- Take a peach and practice.
- Peach.
- Got one? Got one?
♪ I'm gonna do
my one line here ♪
Oh, yeah.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org